let's not even add the conspiracy of the
AIDS virus an AIDS virus that is a
classic disease that was created in fort
McKinley United States fort McKinley the
AIDS virus sixty three thousand gallons
a designer a designer disease was
created sixty three thousand gallons of
in fort McKinley and designated for
Africa and designated for other places
in the world in order to meet what was
called the UN World Health Organization
mandate called population 2000 how many
people have heard of that population
2,000 was that by the year 2000 the UN
World Health Organization had the
mandate to bring the population of the
world down by 36 million to do what to
protect Western civilization because the
greatest threat to Western civilization
at that time in 1971 was the threat of
overpopulation of India Pakistan far
east asia africa south america now for
africa they chose aids for china they
chose one child for one family and if
you don't want to know what that means
somebody needs to visit china and
understand what that means one child per
family but that means it means that any
body in China that has a second child
they are arrested the woman has a
hysterectomy the man has a vasectomy
they are put in jail as an example and
that child that they had the second one
the pregnancy is aborted one child
that's the law in China who made that
law to Chinese through the World Health
Organization I don't have a child
appearance from India and Pakistan about
the birth control that they have they
have adopted in India I don't have to
tell anybody about that
but the AIDS virus is killing right now
if you want to know the AIDS virus is
killing eight point seven million people
per year now you add that up to a month
or you add it up for a week 52 inch
eight million that'll tell you how many
people a week are dying in Africa by the
AIDS virus which is a conspiracy born
internet and put in your Google enter
your search engine put in their AIDS
virus and put in there smoking gun of
AIDS and see the evidence in the
documents you will be shocked but most
of us we think that aids is an Africa
because those are dirty people they're
sexually perverse of their dirty people
or we think it came from green monkeys
no missionaries from the World Health
Organization and Kristin and Christian
move with its Africa and inoculated
people for diphtheria malaria yellow
fever and they put in the medicine the
AIDS virus now is that diabolical or
isn't it well it's the truth and the
smoking gun of aids came out in 1996
because in America we have something
called the Freedom of Information Act
which means every 25 years what they do
that we don't know about they have to
reveal it after 25 years now we know
about it this one now Hollis it for
people who study it know it very well